Hierarchies: Allow disabling expansion to filter targets (#676)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/chilly-eagles-know.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-hierarchies": minor
---

> Added ability to specify whether hierarchy should be expanded to filtering path target when passed to `HierarchyProvider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`createHierarchyProvider`: Added ability to specify whether hierarchy should be expanded to filtering path target, when specifying the `filtering.paths` prop.
```

> `createHierarchyProvider`: Added ability to specify whether hierarchy should be expanded to filtering path target, when specifying the `filtering.paths` prop. With this change, hierarchy is no longer expanded to `filtering.paths` targets by default.

Reviewer: Please add a code example, similar to my suggestion in changelog for `hierarchies-react`.

Author: Added.
